you
hey whats up guys CJ here and I'm with
Mike with Christ plow and Jerry with
body flex Jim we're actually going to do
the citation way review today and this
is my first time here at body flex this
is a new gym here in the pflugerville
area in north austin area and it's been
here for what four five months five over
five months yeah we've been awesome so
Jerry's the owner may just started sup
first gym super awesome work yet great
workout working out these guys always
awesome to this place is nice and clean
spacious good cardio upstairs big fan of
it so far so we're going to check out
the Salvation way today scivation my
experience with salvation I tried their
extend product I really like their amino
acid but let's check out see what the
ways love yes I patient does a great job
with flavoring what we have here is
their standard ways the chocolate fever
flavor and so it is a mostly away
concentrate followed by a whey isolate
know any really BS fillers after that is
pretty much destroyed protein but if you
are lactose intolerant this is kind of
one of those products that you probably
don't want to use because the we
concentrate has a little bit of the
lactose or milk sugars in there so when
you scoop we got 21 grams of protein for
grams of carbs and two of those grams
are sugar so let's take the little bit
nervous I had some concentrate issues of
a couple months back so we'll see how
this goes sick a sniff of that right
there that smells good it's goes at coco
pretty strong so
Jerry's got some green in there
I'm even using my body flex shaker coat
today and I actually went with I think
microcell me so eight to ten ounces of
water that right yeah I do i do eight
ounces per scoop of this stuff but you
can go lower and get a get a more you
know thicker consistency so there's some
specifics ounces but yes that's going to
be the strong so if you if you look at i
didn't shake it to her but I have a
little day coming up on the wall here a
few more shakes probably knock that out
but overall it mixes pretty well but
yeah there we go a little better
oh definitely tastes good I mean I've
been using the dymatize elite recently
and this actually has a much better
taste invictus yeah I'll admit
definitely a better taste yeah we used
to using the science protein and I like
this tastes way better yes I vation
usually does really good job with the
flavors this is not my favorite protein
but I'm like it a lot as a good value if
you see a good deal on citation way
you're cool the way concentrate overall
buy it that's why I got this i did not
get this sent to me for free i saw a
cool deal i bought it and it was worth
it so anytime you see that it's great
I've never tried their vanilla but the
chocolate is good so scivation way how
you get a prize pot calm / citation and
thanks Jerry for letting us at work out
here today at yoga and hey Jerry where
can people come check out your gym you
can go we're located north austin you
can also go to ATX body flexkom that's
our website fill out the form on there
you can get a free week pass and come
check us out alright till next time